there's an old saying in the navy that if you've never been court martialed
for trying something that you should have tried are you not doing
your job very well because everything you do should be right on
the ragged edge of of what's while so in most distilled work I have
done that we've been doing research we have been doing product development
or delivery kinds of but doing research so a lot of what you
do is going to fail in a lot of it involves something in the failure
might be bad enough to be called a blunder that as long as you've done
it in good faith and you haven't tried to cover up the mistakes
and you learn from the mistakes most professionals will accept you as
a member of the team